this episode let's go skate sivaji by
junkie monkeys com
oh it's a mean bitch p would you watch
last night which one relay where you are
here oh I got the idea to come here haha
and now I'm here yeah I set that up so
you can find right here ok ok keep it go
this your boy unable to cry for young
naringin the trend United 180 it's the
same thing as an ollie but you turned
these bad boys they call them shoulders
here goofy right yeah yeah you're on the
right side you don't want that regular
shit you get fucked up here on that
regular program oh hi Brett rent skates
regular oh my bad jokes on me up a dumb
man ok turn those suckers see that's it
hold the camera while the camera oh
that's it all day you just learn all
yesterday you're gonna learn to go in 80
today and kick tomorrow and then we're
gonna take it or you're gonna tre flip
that bitch what why are you doing the
ollie you wind up first so you got to do
this you're gonna twist it you wanna be
trend the tornado you're going kind of
like a tornado when you win you ollie
you unleash that tornado
work on that one oh they hey whatever
you call these little stickers i like
that like you want then Drew's days yeah
oh I don't have any drew say stickers
but I do get a junkie monkey sticker if
you want 1 i'll give you one are the
stickers they look like the part of the
board well that's crazy oh it's escaped
mental one oh that's trippy it's all
Shane O'Neill sponsors in the board
that's yeah that's cool you ready to get
that 50 I just did it oh yeah you would
be camera shy all right let's do it
right let's we're gonna hear run again
well we're gonna come back to you look
at train with this uh-oh he's going fast
menu from the whole episode and he
doesn't have the trip come on dog you're
right you feel like you're in the you're
in the zone you're at the smart I come
on Josh you got home I truck walks away
you want no secret most the time they do
in it it just doesn't make the Edit
because they're filming a video and I
got it hold back the footage cuz they
asked me to yeah so videos coming out
it's gonna be a top video I'm not trying
to see that it yeah like that trying to
put down my mp3 i'm typing on my hard
drive I phone you want to put on my hard
drive you doing this run really yeah
it's good yeah
what are the persons that you hate they
came up and said hi to you I just didn't
be on them oh ok yeah that would have
been bad they look bad yeah then we're
not tight okay Wow has she heard I gotta
stay focused
each other gala yeah yeah you shit on
down haha I shan't moved at home oh you
got the golf pro what you got HD hero2
yeah I got the same one oh that's cool
you got a little risk our do it what's
that for so you don't lose it while
you're swimming yeah oh my god you're
gnar I could never cliff jump or bungee
jump or sky dive that's just scary I
seen some crazy videos of people just
get no I don't want to go too graphic
but they got hurt bad let's just say
their face don't look this way back to
business bring sand up oh my god lean
wit it rock we're gonna shove its again
regular shove it forgot the outside ah
had it last time but the camera fucked
up one more try shove it yup nope I
swung at that frontside one foot style
we're feeling ever when you get your
first trick on your run and then the
middle trick goes to shit you can't get
to the last one
you
he's tired